and one more thing if there's if there's
one thing I don't care for it's lying
lying is it's bad and I've been trying
to put a stop to it one child at a time
I conducted an interrogation actually at
my old elementary school in Brooklyn I
brought a fake lie detector and a real
Guillermo to get to the bottom of
everything with a young man named Marlon
and joy hello how you doing good this is
the truth fairy he's gonna put a helmet
on you and this helmet is connected to
this machine and this machine will tell
me if you're telling the truth or not
it's called a lie-detector machine okay
uh-huh okay good good good
what is your name Wow Marlon how old are
you six what do you like to do for fun
play basketball play basketball okay
very good do you like school yes do you
like school yes mm-hmm
is there some things you don't like
about it yes all right very good
have you ever cheated on a test yes Oh
what happened tell me about that how'd
you do it good I got a 93 yeah but how
did you cheat I'll get my partner you
will all you looked on your friends yeah
were you worried that you might get
caught mm-hmm nah why not my teacher was
looking at other people so really
teachers own fault then he yeah um let
me ask you a question have you ever seen
a naked lady no
hmm yes what happened that's so my dad
naked
what's the dumbest thing your parents do
my father says too many curses he does
yeah sometimes I see curses you do yes
like what and you get in trouble when
you say that word
no no cuz nobody knows you say it yeah
you have a girlfriend
yes what's your name Jamie Jamie how old
is she 18 Daisy oh ma no Ken Ken
you met her at camp do you think you
might marry her
uh yeah you do do your parents know
you're involved with an older woman yes
they doing do they approve yes they do
they're okay with you getting married
yes Wow nobody also has the girlfriend
he does yeah how old is he - he's - he
has a girlfriend how old she what's he
thirty what we she's three yes
you guys really like the older women huh
well I think we've learned a lot about
you here Marlon how about the buck
yesterday about yesterday yeah
what happened yesterday I stepped into
dog poop some type of gum you stepped in
dog poop and gum yes ah was the dog
chewing gum how did this happen Oh a
stuffed and dog poop was over my wag
then I showered then they stepped and
gone with me and my dad will play
basketball
yeah bad day yesterday Oh was it fun
when you stepped in dog poop very it was
a lot of fun
yeah well it sounds like you're enjoying
the little things little thing never
bacon mom
you